Updating site parameter explanation in OTEL docs (#12212)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/open_standards/_index.md

  api:
    key: "<API key>"
```

> To send the data to a different [Datadog site](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/), also set the `site` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send the data to a different [Datadog site][22], also set the `site` parameter:
```

```
datadog:
  api:
    key: "<API key>"

>     site: datadoghq.eu # us3.datadoghq.com us5.datadoghq.com us1-fed.datadoghq.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    site: {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}
```
